# Intro-To-HTML

What is HTML? With HTML elements, sections, paragraphs, and links can be created and structured, making it the standard markup language for creating web pages. Html cannot create dynamic functionality websites although it is considered as an official web standard which developers use HTML code to design how a web broswer should display its web elements such as text, hyperlinks and media files. 

What is CSS? CSS is a short Cascading Style Sheet that a web page uses for decoration such as fonts, colors, styles and sizes. It is also capable of adding cool animations and interctions to spice things up. There is a slightly challenging aspect to CSS. It is both delicated and strong at the same time because it is computer science components. The browser is intelligent enough to bypass any broken CSS code and continue on to the next section. Even when things don't go well, the browser does its best to maximize functionality.

What is JavaScript? JavaScript is programming language that allows you to create really cool and interactive stuff. JavaScript makes things look more fancy and complex interactive on a website and can do things that HTML and CSS cannot do. The catch is that it is alittle fragile and gives up if there is problem with the code or if the browser is out of the date and cannot comprehend the code. The browser wont figure out what to do or run the JavaScript which result in a samll problem from time to time. Each languages has its own role to play. They make an effort to make the most of these languages' more powerful features and use the rest to improve the website even more. 
